just one change in the Bohemians lineup
for the team that won't for nila
Drogheda on Saturday wearing number two
Tommy Fitzgerald comes in for Tommy
Byrne but don't worry about that number
but Cheryl will be playing alongside
Tony cousins up front
number eight Tony O'Connor will fill in
and right back Bohemians problem
position at the moment Dave Henderson
the Bose goalkeeper has blue but he
wasn't gonna miss this one Bordeaux are
missing their international forward
Stephan Pires suspended for this match
but they welcome back to the team that
beat bets on Saturday zinedine zidane
Lee 21 year old midfield sensation who
comes back after a domestic suspension
well it's a camera man's nightmare isn't
it and it's swirling from all directions
best oh here comes together and
Hendersons out of his goal up to the
knees by the net
16 minutes and Christophe Bugatti takes
advantage of a literal slip in the
Bohemians defense and finds the net
priceless awaygo precisely what pose
didn't want throw see through the middle
the reliable best for once miss timing
his intervention and Henderson stopped
short leaving do Getty with this
opportunity despite the brave efforts of
Pat Kelsch it's one nil to Bordeaux what
Amon Gregg would be delighted with that
his assistant Damien burner that could
pull one back but he won't want to
happen is that Bordeaux add to their
tally difficult 20 minutes or so before
if the chance to reorganize it at half
time done with a free-kick done with a
second chance
no outside
it's gonna begging
who are to the rescue Toby Fitzgerald
will have nightmares about that deserve
a do-over run it O'Connor
that's the captain cynic
he brought you our
all out of his goal
that's just
Oh looky can you get
the head start scrubbing
and cousins
without efforts
cried to their feet
Tony Cousins swiftness of thought knew
what the story was you I was really rash
to take that on measured almost to
perfection
not quite shivered the Timbers
it's the Team Canada in white and
Bordeaux Clarets who pick up from right
to left to the second half
and look
it's a little bit short it's seed and in
a break on here three on to see Dan
another crease and he's wasted that
we could have decided to tie that
movement and we have a free-kick board
oh gee Dan Henderson was behind it all
the way
and he regularly beats goalkeepers of
the French league zinedine zidane
but Henderson was equal to him
no Connor it is more offensive roll
Oh Driscoll catch it quite right but now
a fellow that was croci now it's new car
no offside a Henderson bravely they are
good save good save they had to say
and Gagan rebinding office opponent and
behind for whole cake
that was an important save by Dave
Henderson saw the danger came swiftly
from his goal book or not and that's the
last action of the game a minute of 10
seconds and MANET I played Bordeaux
believed the French television
commentators around staff to their feet
and applauded and that in itself is
clever Creek and my well Bohemians of
Darden Mick Mooney exemplifying their
spirited performance a great show again
by a league of ireland side and let us
not forget but Bordeaux jointly chopped
the French first division they're one of
Europe's class teams and they've won
here by only a single goal to nil are
going scored after 16 minutes by
christophe bugatti but Fahim Ian's hit
the woodwork twice both were living with
Tony cousins heard one over the stranded
goalkeeper in the first half but they
weren't to get their breakthrough they
fought like brave man and they deserved
at least the draw final score Bohemians
nil Bordeaux what a man Greg and Pat
Finland at the end of that match our
supporters gave you a great ovation but
I suppose a man at the end of the day a
defeat has a defeat yeah I think the
ovation was was pretty much welcoming
here that's pretty a good noise walk if
I just say uh Sir Michael caffee is it a
fee overall the meal it will be
disappointed and having said that that's
how we show a great character and
particularly when we last away silly go
having gone that goal down you could
have turned around and sneaked this game
probably deserve to get more out of it
well I think certainly I have time' to
be certainly didn't deserve to be one
down Tommy Fitzgerald had a great chance
and Tony cousin see the crossfire and
but having said that as well the lads
coin and look go down to the second half
but the longer the game went on the more
difficult to became because of the level
of fitness
patters Eamon said it did show a lot of
character for you lads when a goal like
that went in and I suppose a messy and
off goal as well yeah it's it's hard
enough when you're playing the likes of
Bordeaux and teams from Europe there you
expected for 20-25 minutes to hold and
you give a soft call like that away it
gets harder and harder you know they get
more competent and they sort of sense
that they have a good chance at getting
a result alright are as I am and says we
went to go down early we knuckle down on
everybody rather slaves upon me and we
gave him a game of it you know him if
Tommy had a scart I mean
you probably thought we could have beat
him you know with how we could've had
him on the right then we're not so a
colors I mean we create chances and
didn't finish them they've got one
chance to finish him that's why girls
must have got a bit frustrating in the
second half when you knew I suppose on
play you had the measure of them and
just couldn't put that all away
yeah it gets it gets frustrating Allah
when you've got the ball and you know
it's the same a couple of weeks ago he
played here against mana and we planted
a bar we just couldn't break them down
and we're little bit better to know you
were more organized and we start to have
a little bit of shape of Eros and then
teams that they use that they use a
common away from home and their own
league and getting 10 behind the ball
and one upfront and defendant wheel and
for me you know hopefully you never know
when you go away well Haman you're now
got to go to Bordeaux who the 1 nil
deficit the second leg it's gonna be
tough it's gonna be extremely tough
Michael lamb I started playing home and
they are very very difficult at home but
if the last shows much card to show
tonight they'll give them a hard a hard
game out there as well I've no doubt
that well I'm sure they will Haven part
thank you very much for joining us
tonight